[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we are
talking about the 2015 superhero film
Avengers age of Ultron so let's get
started
this summary relies in part that you
have seen the previous films if you
would like to see a summary check out
the links below the film opens with the
Avengers rating a Hydra facility in
segovia commanded by Baron Wolfgang von
Strucker has been experimenting on
humans using the scepter previously
wielded by Loki they encounter test
subjects Pietro and Wanda Maximoff where
Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch as well as
apprehending Strucker and Loki scepter
as quick sidenote either actually the
kids of magneto from the x-men universe
but due to licensing issues they cannot
refer to this stark and banner the Hulk
discovered artificial intelligence with
a new scepters gem and secretly use it
to complete Starks Ultron goes with the
French program it creates a sentient
being who believes he must eradicate
humanity to save earth it destroys
Starks AI Jarvis and attacks the
Avengers at their headquarters Ultron
escapes with the sceptre and use the
resources at the Hydra base to upgrade
his body and build an army of robot
drones having killed Strucker he
recruits the maximal siblings and sets
off to obtain run khandha vibranium the
Avengers arrive and attack Ultron but
the Scarlet Witch subdues him with
haunting visions the team goes into
hiding in a safe house reeling from the
visions Thor departs to consult dr. Erik
Selvig on the meaning of the apocalyptic
future he saw in his hallucination Nick
Fury arrives and encourages the rs.15
not to break part and a former plan to
stop Ultron meanwhile Ultron forces the
team's friend dr. Helen Cho to use her
synthetic tissue technology together
with the vibranium and the scepter gem
to perfect a new body for him as Ultron
uploads himself into the body
The Scarlet Witch reads his mind
discovering his plan for human
extinction the maximal siblings turn
against Ultron some of the team find
Ultron and retrieve the synthetic
the ultra captures Black Widow the team
fight amongst themselves while Stark
secretly uploads Jarvis who hid from
Ultron inside the internet into the
synthetic body so returns to help
activate the body explaining that the
gem on its brow is from of the six
Infinity stones and was part of his
vision this vision and the maximal
siblings accompany the Avengers return
to sokovia we're all Trent has used the
remaining vibranium to build a machine
to lift a large part of the capital
skyward intending to crash it into the
ground to cause global extinction banner
rescues Black Widow why the Avengers
fight Ultron's army fury and others
evacuate civilians Quicksilver dies when
he shields Hawkeye from gunfire an
eventual Scarlet Witch abandons her post
to destroy Ultron's primary body which
allows one of his drones to activate the
machine the city plummets but stark and
Thor overload the machine and shatter
the landmass and the aftermath the Hulk
departs while the vision confronts
Ultron's last remaining body later the
avengers establish new base Thor returns
to Asgard stark leaves hawkeye retires
and Captain America with Black Widow
prepared to train new Avengers and amid
credit scene we see Danos vowed to
retrieve the Infinity stones for himself
hinting at the next Avengers film so
that was the spoilers for Avengers age
of Ultron if you have a film you'd like
to see me spoil please let me know in
the comments below remember to like and
subscribe and visit us on our various
forms of social media thanks for
watching
[Music]